README.md, before:

# Webpack

Welcome to my Webpack project

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Webpack! <a name="about-project"></a>

**Webpack!** This project teache me how to setup webpack.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS">HTML</></li>
    <li><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS">CSS</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS">JavaScript</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **A project to learn how to use webpack**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

- Step 1: Clone this project using this git comand "git clone", (if you don't have git installed please visit
  https://git-scm.com/downloads and install it).
- Step 2: Once you have installed git you can clone this project using the command below:
  ```
  git clone https://github.com/Jrmcuervo/webpack.git
  ```
- Step 3: Once you have cloned this repo navigate to the folder that contains
  the repository.
- Step 4: If you want to watch the html file open it with your favorite web browser(This project MUST be opened from VS Code for full functionality).
- Step 5: If you want to edit this project open it with your favorite text editor.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Ruben Cuervo**

- GitHub: [@Jrmcuervom](https://github.com/Jrcuervom)
- Twitter: [@Jrmcuervom](https://twitter.com/Jrcuervom)
- LinkedIn: [Jrmcuervom](https://www.linkedin.com/in/Jrcuervom/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this Awesome Books project please share my portfolio with recruters!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FAQ (optional) -->

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Build to do list structure

README.md, after:

# To Do List

Welcome to my Webpack project

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 To Do List! <a name="about-project"></a>

**To Do List!** This project is to create a list of pending activities and to be able to mark when you have done them, you can also modify the list, delete and move its content. .

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS">HTML</></li>
    <li><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS">CSS</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS">JavaScript</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **A to do list**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

- Step 1: Clone this project using this git comand "git clone", (if you don't have git installed please visit
  https://git-scm.com/downloads and install it).
- Step 2: Once you have installed git you can clone this project using the command below:
  ```
  git clone https://github.com/Jrmcuervo/To-do-list.git
  ```
- Step 3: Once you have cloned this repo navigate to the folder that contains
  the repository.
- Step 4: If you want to watch the html file open it with your favorite web browser(This project MUST be opened from VS Code for full functionality).
- Step 5: If you want to edit this project open it with your favorite text editor.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Ruben Cuervo**

- GitHub: [@Jrmcuervom](https://github.com/Jrcuervom)
- Twitter: [@Jrmcuervom](https://twitter.com/Jrcuervom)
- LinkedIn: [Jrmcuervom](https://www.linkedin.com/in/Jrcuervom/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this Awesome Books project please share my portfolio with recruters!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FAQ (optional) -->

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
